Don't talk nonsense.
Who stole from your house and still doesn't admit it?
Hey folks
Come on, folks!
Come and have a look.
This kid not only wants to lie to my girl
Steal my food
This is my house.
Your daughter gave it to me
It has nothing to do with the same
Don't worry, just come.
Who doesn't know the value of food these days?
My daughter will give it to you.
You don't pee. Take a picture of yourself
What is it?
good boy
I said how do you send them these things?
It was stolen
I usually hate thieves the most
Let's take down this knife thief together
Slow down. Slow down.
There must be some misunderstanding.
Oh, fierce!
Isn't it just a wowotou?
Your daughter gave me one.
I'll give you ten wowotou today.
I bet if you can take out ten wowotou
Write the old lady's name upside down
OK, I'll give it to you.
No, it's my hair, I'll give it to you.
Is it enough for you?
Where did you get so many wotou?
Don't worry about this.
Now I don't owe you food, do I?
Hmph, isn't it just a few wowotou?
I also tell you
My Xiaoting can only marry someone like the second young master
You, toad, want to eat swan meat
No way.
This big brother
You have so many woollies
How about selling me two?
I want I want I want I want I want I want to slow down no problem
Come one by one, others sell two in one ocean.
I sell one for 10 coppers today.
Are you queuing up to buy?
Okay, okay, one by one
Don't worry, don't worry
come
Thank you for this big brother's wowotou
I, Hu Cuicui, can't repay
If you don't mind
Little girl, can I?
good boy
Do you have any idea how fresh the food is now?
You sell 10 coppers first.
Sell me two too
Two eggs
You sell others 10 copper coins.
Sold me two oceans
You wait for me.
Keep it up. Keep it up.
Everyone
Shake it!
Shake, shake, don't grab
I can buy a pigsty after selling it for a while
Don't move don't move
No one is allowed to run